apps.md, before:

# Default App Library

## Required

Apps which are listed in the section _Required_, are activated implicitly.
The other sections do not have a special meaning, despite organizing the library.

### Less MSIerables

A tool to view and extract the contents of a Windows Installer (.msi) file.

* ID: `Bench.LessMsi`
* Label: Less MSIerables
* Version: 1.3
* Website: <http://lessmsi.activescott.com/>
* Url: `https://github.com/activescott/lessmsi/releases/download/v$:Version$/$:ArchiveName$`
* ArchiveName: `lessmsi-v$:Version$.zip`
* Exe: `lessmsi.exe`
* Register: `false`

### 7zip

7-Zip is a file archiver with a high compression ratio.
It comes with a graphical file manager and supports a large range of compression formats for extraction.

* ID: `Bench.7z`
* Label: 7-Zip
* Website: <http://www.7-zip.de/download.html>
* Docs:
    + Help: `7-zip.chm`
* VersionYear: 16
* VersionNo: 04
* Version: $:VersionYear$.$:VersionNo$
* Release: $:VersionYear$$:VersionNo$
* Url: `http://7-zip.org/a/$:ArchiveName$`
* ArchiveName: `7z$:Release$.msi`
* ArchivePath: `SourceDir\Files\7-Zip`
* Dir: `7z`
* Exe: `7z.exe`
* Launcher: $:Label$
* LauncherExecutable: `7zFM.exe`

### Inno Setup Unpacker

A tool to extract the files from an Inno Setup executable.

* ID: `Bench.InnoUnp`
* Label: Inno Setup Unpacker
* Website: <http://innounp.sourceforge.net/>
* Version: 0.45
* Release: 045
* Url: `http://sourceforge.net/projects/innounp/files/innounp/innounp%20$:Version$/$:ArchiveName$`
* ArchiveName: `innounp$:Release$.rar`
* Exe: `innounp.exe`
* Register: `false`

### ConEmu

ConEmu-Maximus5 is a Windows console emulator with tabs, which presents multiple consoles and simple GUI applications as one customizable GUI window with various features.

* ID: `Bench.ConEmu`
* Website: <https://conemu.github.io/>
* Docs:
    + Documentation: <https://conemu.github.io/en/TableOfContents.html>
* Version: 16.10.09a
* Release: 161009a
* Url: `https://github.com/Maximus5/ConEmu/releases/download/v$:Version$/$:ArchiveName$`
* ArchiveName: `ConEmuPack.$:Release$.7z`
* Launcher: `ConEmu`
* LauncherArguments: `-LoadCfgFile`, `$CustomConfigDir$\ConEmu.xml`,  `%*`

## Core

### Git

Git is a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency.

* ID: `Git`
* Website: <https://git-scm.com/download/win>
* Docs:
    + Reference: <https://git-scm.com/docs>
    + Pro Git Book: <https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2>
* Version: 2.10.1
* Release: $:Version$.windows.1
* Url: `https://github.com/git-for-windows/git/releases/download/v$:Release$/$:ArchiveName$`
* ArchiveName: `PortableGit-$:Version$-32-bit.7z.exe`
* Path: `cmd`
* Exe: `cmd\git.exe`
* Environment:
    + `GIT_SSH`: `$:Dir$\usr\bin\ssh.exe`

Commit message:

added description for the core section

apps.md, after:

# Default App Library

## Required

Apps which are listed in the section _Required_, are activated implicitly.
The other sections do not have a special meaning, despite organizing the library.

### Less MSIerables

A tool to view and extract the contents of a Windows Installer (.msi) file.

* ID: `Bench.LessMsi`
* Label: Less MSIerables
* Version: 1.3
* Website: <http://lessmsi.activescott.com/>
* Url: `https://github.com/activescott/lessmsi/releases/download/v$:Version$/$:ArchiveName$`
* ArchiveName: `lessmsi-v$:Version$.zip`
* Exe: `lessmsi.exe`
* Register: `false`

### 7zip

7-Zip is a file archiver with a high compression ratio.
It comes with a graphical file manager and supports a large range of compression formats for extraction.

* ID: `Bench.7z`
* Label: 7-Zip
* Website: <http://www.7-zip.de/download.html>
* Docs:
    + Help: `7-zip.chm`
* VersionYear: 16
* VersionNo: 04
* Version: $:VersionYear$.$:VersionNo$
* Release: $:VersionYear$$:VersionNo$
* Url: `http://7-zip.org/a/$:ArchiveName$`
* ArchiveName: `7z$:Release$.msi`
* ArchivePath: `SourceDir\Files\7-Zip`
* Dir: `7z`
* Exe: `7z.exe`
* Launcher: $:Label$
* LauncherExecutable: `7zFM.exe`

### Inno Setup Unpacker

A tool to extract the files from an Inno Setup executable.

* ID: `Bench.InnoUnp`
* Label: Inno Setup Unpacker
* Website: <http://innounp.sourceforge.net/>
* Version: 0.45
* Release: 045
* Url: `http://sourceforge.net/projects/innounp/files/innounp/innounp%20$:Version$/$:ArchiveName$`
* ArchiveName: `innounp$:Release$.rar`
* Exe: `innounp.exe`
* Register: `false`

### ConEmu

ConEmu-Maximus5 is a Windows console emulator with tabs, which presents multiple consoles and simple GUI applications as one customizable GUI window with various features.

* ID: `Bench.ConEmu`
* Website: <https://conemu.github.io/>
* Docs:
    + Documentation: <https://conemu.github.io/en/TableOfContents.html>
* Version: 16.10.09a
* Release: 161009a
* Url: `https://github.com/Maximus5/ConEmu/releases/download/v$:Version$/$:ArchiveName$`
* ArchiveName: `ConEmuPack.$:Release$.7z`
* Launcher: `ConEmu`
* LauncherArguments: `-LoadCfgFile`, `$CustomConfigDir$\ConEmu.xml`,  `%*`

## Core

Apps which are listed in the section _Core_, are directly known by the Bench system.
These apps are automatically activated, if certain app types or features
are used in the Bench environment.

### Git

Git is a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency.

* ID: `Git`
* Website: <https://git-scm.com/download/win>
* Docs:
    + Reference: <https://git-scm.com/docs>
    + Pro Git Book: <https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2>
* Version: 2.10.1
* Release: $:Version$.windows.1
* Url: `https://github.com/git-for-windows/git/releases/download/v$:Release$/$:ArchiveName$`
* ArchiveName: `PortableGit-$:Version$-32-bit.7z.exe`
* Path: `cmd`
* Exe: `cmd\git.exe`
* Environment:
    + `GIT_SSH`: `$:Dir$\usr\bin\ssh.exe`
